DOCS-2179: Generic gateways (#1193)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/magento1/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
layout: "faqdetail"
---

> The Magento 1 plugins offer 3 generic gateways and 3 generic gift cards under the gateway and gift card sections respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento 1 plugin offers 3 [generic gateways](/faq/general/generic-gateways/) and 3 generic gift cards under the gateway and gift card sections respectively.
```

> All of our payment methods are supported. It is possible to set the gateway code, gateway logo, gateway label and whether the shopping cart should be included in the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of our payment methods are supported. It is possible to set the gateway code, gateway logo, gateway label, and whether the shopping cart should be included in the transaction.
```
